Edits to caching docs plus keyArgs article (#9370)
apollographql/apollo-client: docs/source/caching/cache-field-behavior.mdx

Now, let's say our client executes the following two queries, in order:

```graphql{5,14}
query BookWithAuthorName {
  favoriteBook {
    id
    author {
      name
    }
  }
}

query BookWithAuthorBirthdate {
  favoriteBook {
    id
    author {
      dateOfBirth
    }
  }
}
```

When the _first_ query returns, Apollo Client writes a `Book` object like the following to the cache:

```json
{
  "__typename": "Book",
  "id": "abc123",
  "author": {
    "__typename": "Author",
    "name": "George Eliot"
  }
}
```

> Remember that because `Author` objects can't be normalized, they're nested directly within their parent object.

Now, when the _second_ query returns, the cached `Book` object is updated to the following:

```json{6}
{
  "__typename": "Book",
  "id": "abc123",
  "author": {
    "__typename": "Author",
    "dateOfBirth": "1819-11-22"
  }
}
```

The `Author`'s `name` field has been removed! This is because Apollo Client can't be sure that the `Author` objects returned by the two queries actually refer to the same author. So instead of merging fields of the two objects, Apollo Client completely _overwrites_ the object (and logs a warning).

> However, _we_ are confident that these two objects represent the same author, because a book's author virtually never changes. This common-sense knowledge is something we have at our disposal, as humans, but it must be communicated to the cache, which is neither human nor capable of telepathy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, _we_ are confident that these two objects represent the same author, because a book's author virtually never changes. This common-sense knowledge is something we have at our disposal, as humans, but it must be communicated to the cache, using a policy that permits treating any two (otherwise unidentifiable) `Book.author` objects for the same `Book` as logically the same `Author` object, so their fields can be safely merged together.
```
Thoughts on this rephrasing? A little less jokey, though I admit I wrote the original.
